docs: fix broken cross-references in documentation (#1369)
collective/icalendar: CHANGES.rst

Minor changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Fix broken cross-references in documentation by replacing ``:py:`` prefixed roles with standard Sphinx roles and qualifying ambiguous references. See `#1158 <https://github.com/collective/icalendar/issues/1158>`_

Reviewer: Please edit and move this to a new file at `/news/1158.documentation`. In v7.1.1, we migrated to an automated procedure to update `CHANGES.rst`, per https://icalendar.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contribute/index.html#change-log-entry-format. This also avoids merge conflicts and updating your PR repeatedly while waiting for it to get merged.

```suggestion
- Fix broken cross-references in documentation by removing ``:py`` prefixed roles and qualifying ambiguous references. @wahajahmed010
```

I'll perform a full review later.
